# Meeting Minutes

**Date:** August 27, 2024

**Time:** 11:00 AM (EDT)

**Attendees:** Mark, Amruta, Stephen, Rosalie

**Regrets:** Yanis, Margot

### Reviewed Topics

**1. Outside Collaboration/Introducing New Members**  

- **Rosalie** raised the background work and shared understanding required to ensure successful collaboration.  
- **Stephen** outlined potentially advantageous collaborations with specific organizations and individuals. Stephen suggested J and requested he be allowed to handle those talks. Rosalie agreed.
- There was agreement on establishing expectations and clearly communicating that the work of the DAD-CDM is a unique public good, independent of member's existing projects. 

**2. Assignment Review**  
**Amruta** volunteered to work on Channels. **Mark** affirmed that he will be working on narratives.
- **Mark:** Narrative  
- **Amruta & Rosalie:** Channels  
- **Yanis & Rosalie:** Relationships  
- **Margot & Yanis:** Actors  
- **Stephen:** Incidents  
- **Observables** were put on hold pending Stephen's discussion with J and a clear path for collaboration.  

**3. Testing Discussion**  

- Due to time constraints, the discussion on preferred tests for the proposed extensions was postponed.  

---

### Next Meeting

- **Date:** Tuesday, September 10  
- **Time:** 11:00 AM (EDT)  
- Attendees are requested to inform the group in advance if they cannot attend.  

---

### Homework for Next Session

Participants are expected to engage in at least one of the following tasks:  
- Begin working on the STIX2 formatting of their assigned domain.  
- A template with the format will be shared in the next meeting.

