# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT
## Date: 2024-03-21

**Present:**  Henry Adams (Resolver - left after 60 mins), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation - non-voting member), Danielle Deibler (Marvelous.ai),  Max Lesser (FDD),  Stephen Campbell (DISARM Foundation), Rafi Mendelsohn (Cyabra), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU), Polly Lambert (Logically.ai - joined 30 min. in).

**Apologies:** Rob Schaul (Limbik), Rachele Gilman (GDI), Charles Smith (JHU/APL), Jean-Philippe Salles (Filigran), Ramón Ruti (Storyzy), Roby Luna (Aretec), Duncan Sparrel (sFractal).

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Jane Harnad (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jamie Clark (OASIS).

**Minutes:** Jon Brewer

## Agenda
* Introductions and welcome
* Role of PGB Chair
* Event Update
* TSC update
  * Election of TSC chair
* Use Cases

## Summary of decisions and actions
* Introductions and welcome
  * Round of introductions for new PGB member Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares)
* The role of Chair – Danielle
  * Max was confirmed as a new Co-Chair in the February meeting. In the meantime, Jean-Phillipe resigned as co-chair, see [mailing list](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/dad-cdm-pgb/message/272). According to [the project governance](https://github.com/DAD-CDM/dad-cdm-admin/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#project-governing-board), there is the option for just one committee chair. Max said he has the time and energy to take this on and suggested that having just one Chair might help to focus the work. Kelly pointed out that adding a co-chair can be revisted any time and that interested members can step forward. There was a consensus to proceed with Max as the sole chair for the time being.
* RSAC and Webinar Update - Jane
  * Webinar series update:
    * National Council of ISACs - they are meeting today and will get back to us. Target for webinar is April.
    * Global Resilience Federation - waiting for response
  * CASP Village in April - Open Cybersecurity Alliance (OCA). Virtual attendance is available - [registration link](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/cybersecurity-automation-village-registration-796037719247).
    * Jane points out that this is a good opportunity to promote DAD-CDM OP to OASIS' Cybersecurity community.
  * RSA at the start of May - Open Cybersecurity Alliance is hosting a reception.  Also Cybersecurity Threat Alliance.  Could be a good opportunity to brief press on DAD-CDM.
  * European Identity and Cloud event in June in Berlin.  Pablo Breuer to keynote.  They also offered us a workshop.  Jane is asking Viktor if he might be open to participate.
  * Max to put a call out for a working group on messaging targets (short press list); what we want to convey and why – to what end – especially for the success of DAD-CDM.  Commercial/public interest.
* TSC Update - Stephen
  * TSC roster is complete with 11 members.
  * April 16th will be the first meeting.
  * How we Elect TSC Chair - Claudia
    * According to the [TSC charter](https://github.com/DAD-CDM/dad-cdm-admin/blob/main/TSC-CHARTER.md), “The initial membership of the TSC will be recruited and appointed by the Project Governing Board, who will also appoint one of the members Chair or Co-Chair. The term for   serving on the TSC is one year.” The PGB can appoint the TSC chairs(s) by lazy consensus. 
    * Claudia suggests giving the TSC members a chance to nominate one or more candidates to submit to the PGB for consideration and approval and appointment. This suggestion is approved by the PGB.
* Use cases - Max/Danielle
  * An initial need: for a presentation at the OCA Cybersecurity Automation workshop  Which target use cases for this?  Are there any potential ideas on use cases?  Do we want to set up a Use Case Task Force?
  * Max explained three levels of use case: threat-based use cases; operational use cases; and super-specific (this threat or this operation).  Max then ran through a deck of high-level use case examples.
  * Stephen explained the way we can structure all use cases:  actor does x to do y.
  * Rafi suggested build on the knowledge from the cyber domain and then show where this project adds new value.

