# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting Minutes  - DRAFT

## Date: 2024-06-20

**Present:** Danielle Deibler (Marvelous.ai), Max Lesser (FDD), Stephen Campbell (DISARM Foundation), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), Jon Brewer (DISARM Foundation - non-voting member), Henry Adams (Resolver), Quentin Denigot (Storyzy), Rosalie Li (InfoEpi Labs - co-chair of the TSC, also standing in for Mark Finlayson (TSC rep on the PGB)).

**Apologies:** Rachele Gilman (GDI), Rob Schaul (Limbik), Charles Smith (JHU/APL), Roby Luna (Aretec), Rafi Mendelsohn (Cyabra), Polly Lambert (Logically.ai), Jean-Philippe Salles (Filigran), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU).

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)



## Agenda:
* Call to order, assess quorum and intros (Max) 
* TSC
  * What is the TSC and what were the previous objectives that the PGB set? (Stephen, Jon) 
  * TSC Update and Next Steps (Rosalie) 
  * Discussion of TSC Next Steps (Max, Stephen) 
    * Agreement on goals, priorities, and overall road map and vote on the TSC's Next Steps and Priorities if we have a quorum and consensus
* Stakeholders
  * Update on discussions with potential collaborators
* Working Group Updates
  * Blue Working Group (Jon)
  * Use Case Working Group (Max)
  * Comms Working Group: a focus will be on how we build community. What is the call to action when we promote DAD-CDM? (Danielle) 

## Meeting notes:
* Call to order, assess quorum – no quorum, although no formal voting required today.
* Intros 
  * Welcome Quentin Denigot, Head project manager at Storyzy, taking over from Ramón, who needs to step back for a period of time.
* TSC discussions
  * Max introduced the discussion, outlining the relationship between the TSC and the PGB
  * Discussion of case study/use cases being for shaping the TSC output.  The PGB can recommend threats for the TSC to model; and also help prioritize
  * Rosalie (TSC Co-chair) joined this meeting to give an update on current TSC plans. 
  * Goal is to ensure a spread of topics, e.g. geographically; beyond FIMI? etc.
  * TSC is taking on FIMI threat modeling; gap analysis; baseline stack extension objects; input from Filigran, and others
  * Interviews and literature review – frameworks, models, lexicons, databases, incident case studies etc that exist;
    * This is the plan for June/July and a playback to the PGB in August
  * Some tentative recommendations on extending STIX
  * Rosalie explained the need to consider social analysis vs links analysis – ie. different approaches taken by different groups (eg cyber, mil)
  * The PGB approves of this course of action 
* Stakeholders
  * Update on discussions with potential collaborators
    * Jon and Stephen report back on a discussion with potential collaborators. 
  * Wider Stakeholder capture/management
    * Danielle has started a shared doc for identifying DAD-CDM’s wider set of stakeholders
    * Categories include users, commissioners, funders etc.  We can then also flesh out the priority targets together
    * Max will also organize a call and join this effort to the use cases and comms working group.
* Working Group Updates
  * Blue Working Group
    * Jon explained some of the assets that will be brought together in the Blue working group, including DISARM’s Blue framework, which is in the process of being updated
    * Blue will need to: be ethically sound; be able to support playbooks for specific groups, needs and circumstances needs; reflect proactive, as well as reactive measures; map to Red where relevant; and be developed with a clear taxonomy of Actor Type, so that we can help orgs recognise themselves and others, and the roles that they and others can and do play
    * Jon asked for possible contributors.
  * Use Case Working Group
    * Max outlined the group and asked for further participation 
  * Comms Working Group
    * The focus will be on how we build community, and what is the call to action when we promote DAD-CDM?

