# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting 

## Date: 16 October 2025

**Present:** Danielle Deibler (MoireAI), Max Lesser (FDD), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), Mark Finlayson (for the TSC), 

**Apologies:** Anais Meunier (Storyzy), Rachele Gilman (GDI), Viktoras Dauk≈°as (DebunkEU), Charles Smith (JHU/APL)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

## Agenda

* Call to order, assess quorum (Danielle) (2 minutes)  
* TSC Update (5m)  
  * Is Rachele joining as the new representative to the PGB?  
* Impact of AI (Group Discussion) (20m)   
  * AI weaponizes deception. Shared intelligence democratizes defense. What is the right way to integrate AI capabilities into the framework and what is the relative urgency based on where we are? What direction should we be providing to the TSC?  
* Comms (Danielle) (5m)  
  * [Upcoming Events](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rGHK44Hvuo06iCPkoYEMdajcDiinoXrpnbT_7XPF_v0/edit?usp=sharing) and status  
    * RSA submitted  
    * Cyberwarcon Submitted but not accepted

## Summary

* ### **New rep from GDI and housekeeping**

  * The meeting discussed several updates and changes in representation. Zoe will join the PGB as the new representative from GDI, though she couldn't attend this meeting. Rachele expressed interest in remaining involved with DAD-CDM and to join the  TSC.    
  * Rosalie and Margot agreed to provide periodic briefings to the PGB but felt they lacked the time to take on the full PGB role.   
  * The meeting noted the absence of quorum, with only three voting members present, and it was decided that if additional members don't join, voting to appoint Rachele to the TSC will be conducted via the mailing list.

* ### **TSC Communication and Coordination Challenges**

  * Mark highlighted the lengthy process of communication through multiple chairs, leading to potential distortions and lack of updates. Danielle suggested a more structured approach to updates and proposed appointing Rachele to the TSC to provide additional support. The team acknowledged the need for better coordination and information flow, with Danielle planning to discuss further with Rosalie and Margot.

* ### **Project Progress and Future Directions**

  * The team is making progress on their project, with Rosalie, Margot, and Steven making significant contributions. Mark and Danielle discussed the timeline for completing their work, with Mark confirming it's realistic to aim for the end of the year.   
  * Danielle shared updates on her pitch for Cyberwarcon, which wasn't accepted, but provided valuable material for future presentations. She also mentioned submitting to RSA, which typically responds late in the year. The team briefly touched on the topic of AI, with Danielle suggesting they might need to provide more direction to the TSC regarding AI usage in future frameworks.

* ### **Prioritizing TSC Workload Completion**

  * Mark expressed concerns about adding new topics to the TSC's workload, suggesting that they focus on completing Version 1 before introducing additional topics. Danielle agreed, emphasizing that it would be a distraction and potentially hinder progress. Max proposed discussing the topic as an aspirational use case for potential donors or members. 

* ### **AI Content Detection Challenges**

  * The team discussed challenges with AI-generated content, particularly in identifying and combating "AI slop" on social media platforms. Veronica explained that while watermarking is a starting point, it's difficult to scale and many contents remain unmarked, making it challenging to distinguish real from AI-generated content. 

* ### **AI Content: Challenges and Opportunities**

  * The group discussed the challenges and opportunities presented by AI-generated content, particularly focusing on its impact on advertising and potential risks associated with misinformation or harmful content. Veronica explained that advertisers are concerned about being associated with low-quality or misleading AI content, while Danielle highlighted the need to balance the risks with the benefits of AI-generated content, such as cost-effectiveness and creativity.   
  * The team agreed to further explore this topic in the November meeting, with Danielle planning to share ideas and perspectives. Claudia suggested considering new TSC members or sponsors as the project progresses, and the group decided to wait before approaching potential partners until they have a clearer framework.

## Action Items

* Danielle to prepare a brief on AI considerations for the November meeting.  
* Danielle and Mark to review Max's email about use cases before publishing them.  
* Claudia to onboard Zoe   
* Claudia to send call for consensus to PGB to appoint Rachele.

