# DAD-CDM PGB Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 18 December 2025

**Present:** Max Lesser (FDD), Mark Finlayson (for the TSC), Zoe Fourel (GDI)

**Apologies:** Anais Meunier (Storyzy), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU), Charles Smith (JHU/APL), Danielle Deibler (MoireAI), Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

### TSC Representative Selection Discussion

The group discussed the need for a TSC representative to the PGB, with Mark suggesting that one of the chairs would be the most efficient solution. Max agreed to reach out to the chairs about this. The conversation ended with Mark agreeing to provide an update on the TSC's progress.

### New GDI PGB Representative Introduction

Zoe Fourel introduced herself as the new senior intelligence and policy analyst at GDI, replacing Rachel, and discussed her role analyzing harmful narratives and translating findings into policy work at the EU level.

### TSC Update

Mark reported that the TSC has been making progress on the actor threat actor structure. Mark also mentioned having a draft narrative that needs a bit more work. Max expressed interest in collaborating on the financial services push for next year.

The group also discussed the need for more contributors and the importance of leveraging personal networks to find suitable expertise. Claudia offered her support for outreach and introductions.

## Next steps

* Max: Reach out to the TSC chairs about having one of them be the TSC representative  
* Max: Introduce JHUAPL contact to Claudia regarding TSC collaboration

