# DAD-CDM PGB meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 15 May 2025

**Present:** Danielle Deibler (MoireAI), Mark Finlayson (for the TSC), Max Lesser (FDD), 

**Apologies:** Rachele Gilman (GDI), Viktoras Daukšas (DebunkEU), Anais Meunier (Storyzy)  
Veronica Hernandez (AdTechCares), Charles Smith (JHU/APL)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

## Agenda

* Threat Modeling Discussion  
* Events  
* TSC Update

## Notes

* Cyber Threat Modeling Collaboration  
  * The team discussed a financial services campaign proposal and a potential collaboration with Rachele on modeling cyber threats.   
  * Max shared insights from a conversation with a crypto exchange professional about hacks, which Danielle noted could be a valuable use case.   
  * Max and Danielle agreed to collaborate on modeling an SEC and discussed the possibility of creating a presentation to showcase their findings to potential partners.  
* Events schedule  
  * It was confirmed that Stephen will attend both Globsec and the FIMI ISAC events in Prague to speak about Disarm and DAD-CDM. The team agreed that Black Hat would be their target event for the next TSC release,   
  * Claudia checked with Jane if there is an OASIS booth at Black Hat, but it is unlikely.  
* TSC Updates  
  * Mark gave a short update from the TSC. He clarified that a new roadmap was not necessary as the TSC is already aware of the motivating deadline.   
  * Danielle submitted feedback on the key findings document and will resubmit it to the TSC mailing list and contributions list. 

## Next steps

* Max and Danielle to collaborate on modeling the SEC case for FEMI if no volunteers from TSC by mid-week next week.  
* Mark to post a reminder in TSC Slack channel about Max's request for help with modeling the SEC case.  
* Danielle to submit feedback on the key findings document to the TSC contributions mailing list.  
* Danielle to forward contact information of potential sponsors to Claudia for Holly or Rita to follow up.
